Update doc for screen ruler of powertoys (#5202)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-dev-docs: hub/powertoys/screen-ruler.md

| Capture screen continuously during measuring | When off, the utility takes a single snapshot of your screen. When this is turned on, the utility will attempt real-time detection. Continuous mode will consume more resources when in use. |
| Per color channel edge detection | Test if all color channels are within a tolerance distance from each other. Otherwise, check that the sum of all color channels differences is smaller than the tolerance. |
| Pixel tolerance for edge detection | A value between 0-255. A higher value will provide a higher variation so it will be more forgiving with things like gradients and shadows. |

> | Extra units of measurement | Except for showing the measurement in pixels, one can also choose another unit. Available values are pixels, inches, centimeteres, and millimeteres. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Extra units of measurement | Choose an alternate unit of measure to display in addition to pixels. Available values are pixels, inches, centimeters, and millimeters. |
```
